## In General

**We try our best to minimise the data we collect.** We do not share your data with any third parties unless required to operate our service or separately agreed by you. We only use your personal data for the exact reason it was provided.

In regards to you as a JustComments' account holder, JustComments acts a data controller. In regards to the users who comment using JustComments' widget that you place on your website, JustComments acts as a <strong>data processor</strong>. It means that you are required to obtain any necessary consents so that JustComments can process the data of your users. You have control over which data your users are allowed to enter via the widget, which may include the following:

- user website
- user ID
- username
- user picture URL
- user URL (URL for a profile page of the user on a 3rd party site)
- message (the comment text)
- subscription (technical data needed for push notifications)
- user agent (value of User-Agent header)
- origin (value of Origin header)
- referrer (value of Referrer header)
- user IP
- user email
- user locale
- user timezone

This data is stored as part of a user comment, meaning that we don't create user accounts for users who comment. Therefore, it is not possible to identify if different comments are created by the same user.

The following data is publicly available on the Internet along with the comments:

- user ID
- username
- user picture URL
- user URL (URL for a profile page of the user on a 3rd party site)
- message (the comment text)

## Personal Information Collection

If you create an account, we are required to collect personal data from you in order to provide you with our service. **We only require a bare minimum of data** but may allow you to optionally store additional personal information to enhance your experience or personal profile page.

We may collect the following personal information:

- Contact information, such as your name, email address
- Billing information, such as the billing address and VAT ID
- Unique identifiers, such as username, account identifier, social network IDs if authorized via social networks or a hash of your password
- Personal technical information, such as your IP address, browser information or session cookies to ensure we can securely operate the service

In case you want your personal information removed from our database, please [contact us](mailto:alex@just-comments.com).

**The collected personal information as described above is used for billing, identification, authentication, service operation, and to contact you.**

## Personal Information Access

It is your right to access or delete the personal information we store as long as it is not in conflict with local law to retain certain information. In order to access your data, please [contact us](mailto:alex@just-comments.com). We will respond to such request within reasonable time and provide you with a copy of your data. The archive may contain additional data for your records which might not be considered personal information.

## Information Sharing

### Server / Hosting

We use [Amazon Web Services](https://aws.amazon.com), Inc. (410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle WA 98109, United States of America) as a service provider to host our server infrastructure.
While we are currently hosting our services in Northern Virginia, US, we may expand to other server locations offered by our hosting service providers in order to ensure the reliablity and performance of our service around the world.

### Emails

We will occasionally use your name and/or email address to send you newsletters or transactional emails. We may send you transactional emails in order to fulfill our service agreement and provide you the requested information. You can opt-out of any marketing or other emails not required to operate our service safely and in compliance to laws at any time via the ‘unsubscribe’ link in each email. For sending transactional emails we use [Amazon SES](https://aws.amazon.com/ses/) by Amazon Web Services, Inc. (410 Terry Ave North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, United States of America), currently using their North Virginia SES location for which their terms and conditions and their privacy policy applies. For sending newsletters we use Mailjet inc, 13-13 bis, rue de l’Aubrac 75012 Paris, France.

### Analytics

**We do not use any third party analytics or tracking software.** The only data we collect are log files generated by our web server which may contain personal information such as your IP address, referrer, browser details and network provider information. By default we do not store this information but we reserve the right to collect the data to ensure the reliability, security and continued availability of our service.

### Local Storage Information

We use local storage information such as (session) cookies to allow our users to sign in and to optionally “remember” the login data or to save generic preferences of users. Our payment providers ([Stripe Payments Europe, Limited](https://stripe.com), 1 Grand Canal Street Lower, Grand Canal Dock, Dublin, Ireland and [PayPal(Europe)](https://paypal.com), PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449 Luxembourg) use Cookies for the payment process on our site.

### Financial Transactions

For any financial transaction we use [Stripe Payments Europe, Limited](https://stripe.com), 1 Grand Canal Street Lower, Grand Canal Dock, Dublin, Ireland or [PayPal(Europe)](https://paypal.com), PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449 Luxembourg. The service provider will gather and process personal data required to process payments. For payments and related data to be processed and get verified, the terms and conditions and privacy policy of the payment provider apply. **Credit card numbers are never shared with us**, and thus, never stored by us.

## Support

For customer support we use [Drift.com, Inc.](https://www.drift.com/), 3 Copley Place Suite 7000 Boston, MA 02116 United States. Drift.com, Inc. will gather and process personal data required for the purpose of their service. The terms and conditions and privacy policy of Drift.com, Inc. apply in this case.

## Security

Even though we would like to, we can’t promise you absolute security until the end of times. What we can guarantee, is that we keep your personal information as safe as possible and are doing our best to protect all data stored on JustComments. In case we will become aware of any sort of data breach, we will inform all affected users promptly.

## Updates to the Privacy Policy

We may update this privacy policy in the future. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (using the email address stored in your account) or by displaying a notice banner on our site before the changes become effective. We encourage you to review the privacy policy periodically to ensure you are aware of the latest information. For your convenience we will publish a changelog describing the latest changes to the privacy policy below.

---

## Attribution:

Parts of this document are adapted from [Colloq’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy](https://github.com/colloq/terms), licensed under [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International Public License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).
The complete Privacy Policz of JustComments are therefore licensed under the same [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International Public License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).
